# Progress - Week 1 - Starting out

    Okay, so not only have I taken up the hardest programming challenge that I have
ever tackled, I have also decided to implement it in a language that I
literally started learning today - Ruby. What could possibly go wrong? I feel
like I need to explain my decisions a bit here, because it wasn't just a #YOLO
moment (well, it kinda was, but there was certainly more to it than that).

    My first instinct was to write this in Python, because that is the language
I am using in all of my work and personal projects at the moment, except for
the one game project I am writing in C++ because you know, Unreal Engine. But
then, after mulling over the subject a little bit, I decided that maybe
starting another project in Python may not be the best move. I don't know if my
concerns are completely invalid, because I am a junior dev and my opinions have
less than one year of experience backing them. Firstly, I didn't want to
establish my Professional Identity as a Python developer. I want to be a
polyglot through and through and I deem this an important facet of the
Professional image I build as a software engineer. My ability to handle project
should not be affected by my choice in technology, and yet I do not want to end
up as a Jack of all trades and master of None. Many people consider those to be
the only two outcomes possible as you traverse through your software
development path. I wholeheartedly believe that there is a third, better
option. Mastery over everything I touch. And by mastery, I do not mean being
able to write a reference book that becomes the de facto standard in the
industry, but being able to tackle whatever project is necessary to tackle
without spending a significant portion of time fiddling with the tools. You can
look up the occassional syntax and the obscure piece of code, but you shouldn't
be spending hours on tutorials after which you produce 5 lines of code. I do
that now every time I start working with a new tech stack, and it's very
frustrating. I feel immensely unproductive and even though it's a necessary
step, I 
